fix broken links[HSTN-895] (#15)
gruntwork-io/terraform-google-influx: examples/influxdb-oss/README.md

You will need to create a [custom image](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/images/create-delete-deprecate-private-images) for [Compute Engine](https://cloud.google.com/compute/) that has [InfluxDB OSS](https://www.influxdata.com/products/influxdb-overview/) installed, which you can do using the [influxdb-oss machine image example](https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terraform-google-influx/tree/master/examples/machine-images/influxdb-oss). 

To see an example of InfluxDB Enterprise deployed across separate clusters, see the [influxdb-enterprise

> example](https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terraform-google-influx/tree/master/examples/influxdb-enterprise). For more info on how the InfluxDB cluster works, check out the [influxdb-cluster](https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terraform-aws-influx/tree/master/modules/influxdb-cluster) documentation.

Reviewer: After reading this, I think the root repo docs is the best link here.

```suggestion
example](https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terraform-google-influx/tree/master/examples/influxdb-enterprise). For more info on how the InfluxDB cluster works, check out the [documentation at the root of the repository](https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terraform-google-influx).
```
